You've successfully coded the first section of the MCL algorithm,
known as motion and sensor update.
Now, it's time to move to the second section known by resampling and coded.
But before you start,
let's first learn how particles are resampled.
Given a set of N particles,
ranging from one to N,
each particle has a pose composed of an x position,
y position and theta orientation.
In addition to the pose,
each particle has a weight denoting how close the particle is from the robot position.
Let's sum all of these weights and call the sum capital W. Then,
let's compute the normalized weights alphas,
by dividing each weight by the normalizer capital
W. alpha is the probability of each particle being selected from the whole.
The sum of all the alphas is equal to one.
The resampler will group all N normalized weights in a bag.
Let's assume that particle two and three, have large weights.
The resampling process will happen n times,
picking a particle from the bag every time.
By the end of the resampling process,
there will be the same N number of particles as there were originally.
But which particles stays or go with change?
At each iteration the resampling process is
more likely to pick particles with large probabilities.
This process happens randomly,
but is always more likely to pick particles with higher probabilities or alphas.
Here, p2 and p3 were selected
more than once in the new set because of their high probabilities.
And p4 was selected only once because of its relatively low probability.
Now suppose that you have five particles each with an impotence weight.
Compute the probability of throwing each particle into the new set.
Use the C++ coding section and follow the instructions to print the results.